Lesson 20 Pioneer Pilots


New wors and expressions
1. pioneer   n.   先驱
young pioneer
advocate 提倡者

vt.
pioneer/advocate adult education

2. lord   n.   对(英国)贵族的尊称; 勋爵 
lordless
lordship
lordly
duke   公爵
marquis   侯爵
earl   伯爵
viscount   子爵
baron   男爵

3. Calais   n.   加来(法国港市)

4. overland   adj.   陆上的
overnight
overpopulated
overseas

over + 动词 表示超过
overeat
oversleep
overwork
overcharge
overestimate


Text
In 1908 Lord Northcliffe offerd a prize of £1,000 to the first man who would fly across the English Channel. Over a year passed before the first attempt was made. On July 19th, 1900, in the early morning, Hubbert Latham took off from the French coast in his plan the 'Antoinette IV'. He had travelled only seven miles across the Channel when his engine failed and he was forced to land on the sea. The 'Antoinette' floated on the water until Latham was picked up by a ship.
Two days later, Louis Bleriot arrived near Calais with a plan called 'No. XI'. Bleriot had been making plans since 1905 and this was his lates model. A week before, he had completed a successful overland flight during which he covered twenty-six miles. Latham, however, did not give up easily. He, too arrived near Calais on the same day with a new 'Antoinette'. It looked as if there would be an exciting race across the Channel. Both of plans were going to take off on July 25th, but latham failed to get up early enough. After making a short test flight at 4.15 a.m., Bleriot set off half an hour later. His great flight lasted thirty-seven minutes. When he landed near Dover, the first person to greet him was a local policeman. Latham made another attempt a week later and got within half a mile of Dover, but he was unluck again. His engine failed and he landed on the sea for the second time.

the first man to fly across...
序数词和动词不定式to搭配连用可以代替其后的定语从句
She was the only one to survive the plane crash.

如果before所引导的时间状语从句之前出现段时间
最佳翻译方法: 才...

attempt   in one's attempt
She failed in her attempt to swim the tunnel.
make an attempt on   make an attempt to do
make no attempt

at that moment   failed: break down
fail: 失败 忽视
She failed to win the prize.

be forced to do

picked up

with a plane: with 具有 带有

had been making planes

during which -- during flight

It looked as if: 似乎 看起来
It looked as if there would be a heavy storm.

make a short test flight

make another attempt


介词和关系代词搭配连用，当定语从句的关系代词是介词的宾语时，能够把可移位的介词提前放在关系代词的前面 -- 正式
在非正式问题和口用当中，介词一般要放在从句的末尾
This is the person about whom I was telling you.
Is this book for which you asked me?
