Lesson 2 Thirteen equals one


New words and expressions
1. equal v. 等于
A equals B
Does thirteen equals one?
与...相匹敌
None of us can equal her, either in beauty or as a dancer.
Mary is quite equal to John in brains
be equal to: 有能力 有力量来做某事 to-介词
I am equal to running the company.

2. vicar n. 牧师

3. raise v. 募集 筹(款)
提高; 饲养 供养; 种植; 召集 招募; 提出 发出

4. torchlight n. 电筒光


Text
Our vicar is always raising money for one cause or another, but he has never managed to get enough money to have the church clock repaired. The big clock which used to strike the hours day and night was damaged many years ago and has been silent ever since.

One night, however, our vicar woke up with a start: the clock was striking the hours! Looking at his watch, he saw that it was one o’clock, but the bell  struck thirteen times before it stopped. Armed with a torch, the vicar went up to the clock tower to what was going on. In the torchlight, he caught sight of a figure whom he immediately recognized as Bill Wilkins, our local grocer.

‘Whatever are you doing up here Bill?’ asked the vicar in surprise.

‘I’m trying to repair the bell,’ answered Bill. ‘I’ve been coming up here night after night for weeks now. You see, I was hoping to give you a surprise.’

‘You certainly did give me a surprise!’ said the vicar. ‘You’ve probably woken up everyone he the village as well. Still, I’m glad the bell is working again.’

‘That’s the trouble, vicar.’ Answered Bill. ‘It’s working all right, but I’m afraid that at one o’clock it will strike thirteen times and there is nothing I can do about it.’

“we’ll get used to that, Bill,’ said the vicar. ‘Thirteen is not as good as one, but it’s better than nothing. Now let’s go downstairs and have a cup of tea.’

现在进行时和always constantly continually等频度副词的搭配--表示说话人带有的情感色彩
Tom is always doing homework.
Tom always des his homework.
He is always making noises.

one or another: 表示某种 这样或那样

get enough money: 筹集足够的资金来做某事
I have to get enough money to have my house repaired.

have the church clock repired--have something done
找某人来做某事
have the plane repaired
have hair cut
某人所遭受到的某种意外情况--主语必须是发出动作的人
His wallet was stolen. He had his wallet stolen.

used to: 过去常常做 而现在不再发生的事情了
He used to smoke every day.

However--用于口语 主要用于句首 作文中 最好用在居中 句尾 要用逗号分割开来
Hi said that it was so, he was mistaken, however.
He said that it was so, however, he was mistaken.
I know his story, however, I wouldn't like to tell you.
I know his story, I, however, wouldn't like to tell you.
nevertheless nonetheless

start v. n. 惊跳 惊奇

before ...才

armed with a torch...
现在分词和过去分词的用法   looking
分词做状语/定语的时候，一定要注意它和逻辑主语要呼应一致

in the torchlight

非正式用语中whom可以省略掉

recognized somebody as: 认出某人是
regard somebody as
think of somebody as
treat somebody as
have on somebody as

whatever: ever 用来加强语气

night after night: 一夜连着一夜
day after day
year after year
week after week
bus after bus

did
肯定句中常用do, did, does加强语气和情感色彩，一定要位于动词原型之前

as well用在句尾相当于too，主要用于肯定句中，但比too所表达的语义更优秀

still用于句首，用都要分割开来--表示一个转折的关系: 虽然如此，但是/仍然/依旧--just the same

get used to, be used to, be accustomed to, get accustomed to 都表示习惯于
get 强调渐进的过程，be强调习惯了的状态


Special difficulties
in prep. 表达惊奇 恐惧 失望 或生气等感情色彩的名词搭配连用，在句中起状语作用
in surprise 惊讶地
in astonishment 惊愕地
in alarm 惊恐地
in embarrassment 窘迫地
in amazement 特别惊讶地
in despair 绝望地
in dismay 沮丧地
in anger 生气地
in disappointment 失望地

in prep. 表示以 用: 用于语言，书写材料，色彩或声音等方面
in English, in pencil, in ink, in a few words, in such a high voice, in oil, in red, in code

in 表示状态 情况或处境
in trouble, in difficulty, in bed, in a hurry, in debt, in love with sb., in tears, in good order, in good repair, in good health, in poor health, in the bad mood, in the good mood, in haste, in a favor of excitement, in poverty, in luxury