Lesson 1 A puma at large


New words and expressions
1. puma n. 美洲狮

2. spot v. 看出，发现
pick out/see/recognize/catch sight of
A tall man is easy to spot in the crowd.
He has good eye for spotting mistakes.
spot=see: 强调结果 辨别出 看见 识别 发现
find: 强调发现的结果
find out: 查出事实真相
discover: 做出重大发现
notice: 注意到
observe: 观察
watch: 观察活动中的人或画面
n.    斑点
There is a white spot on the shirt.
on the spot
a. 立刻 马上(at once, Immediately)
Anyone breaking the rules will be asked to leave on the spot.
b. at the place of the action 在现场
Wherever she is needed, she is quickly on the spot.

3. evidence n. 证据
不可数名词
When the police arrived, he had destroyed the evidence.
evidence=proof
in evidence: 显而易见的
He was in evidence at the party.
evident, evidently

4. accumulate v. 积累，积聚
强调积累的过程
As the evidence accumulates, experts from the zoo felt obliged to investigate.
gather vt. 聚集 把某人召集到某处
collect 收集 采集
assemble 集合 集会 vt. 装配
hoard vt. 大量地储存
hoard up=store up
The squirrel hoards up nuts for the cold winter.
amass 积聚(主要用于诗歌和文学作品)

5. oblige v. 使用...赶到必须
feel obliged to do sth. 感觉有必要做某事
be obliged to do sth. 被迫做某事

6. hunt n. 追猎，寻找
run after 强调追赶 追求
seek/pursue 追寻
chase 追赶
hunt for
search 追寻某处为了寻找到某人或某物

7. corner v. 使走投无路， 使陷入困境
n. 角落
at the corner of the street
in the corner of the room
on the corner of the desk
经常使用被动语态
The thief was cornered at last.
The problem cornered me.

8. trail n. 一串，一系列
(vt.) trail: follow
The police trailed the criminal to the place where he was hiding.

9. cling v. 粘
clung
She is always clinging to her mother.
He clung to the hope that he would succeed.
stick 粘住  stick to 坚持  sticky 粘的

10. convince v. 使...信服
convince sb. of sht.
和宾语从句that搭配使用
没有并与的情况下要采用主系表结构: be convinced

11. somehow adv. 不知怎么搞的，不知什么原因
by some means, in some way, for some reason unknown
somewhat: a little

13. disturb v. 令人不安
disturbing: 令人不安的
disturbed: 感到不安的
surprising surprised


Text
Pumas are large, cat-like animals which are founded in America. When reports came into London Zoo that a wild puma had been spotted forty-five miles south of London, they were taken seriously. However, as the evidence began to accumulate, experts from the Zoo felt obliged investigate, for the descriptions given by people who claimed have seen the puma were extraordinarily similar.

The hunt for the puma began in a small village where a woman picking blackberries saw ‘a large cat’ only five yards away from her. It immediately ran away when she saw it, and experts confirmed that a puma will not attack a human being unless it is cornered. The search proved difficult, for the puma was often observed at one place in the morning and at another place twenty miles away in the evening. Wherever it went, it left behind it a trail of dead deer and small animals like rabbits. Paw prints were seen in a number of places and puma fur was found clinging to bushes. Several people complained of ‘cat-like noises’ at night and a businessman on a fishing trip saw the puma up a tree. The experts were now fully convinced that the animal was a puma, but where had it come from? As no puma had been reported missing from any zoo in the country, this one must have been in the possession of a private collector and somehow managed to escape. The hunt went on for several weeks, but the puma was not caught. It is disturbing to think that a dangerous wild animal is still at large in the quite countryside.

at large: 逃遁的，没有被控制的；详细的(in detail)；总体来讲(as a whole)

在英文的表达中，受限呈献给读者的是结果。写议论文的时候要注意把握观点。

Pandas are large, cat-like animals which are found in Asia.
life-like: 栩栩如生的

一般来讲定语从句和同为语从句紧随在被修饰名词后面，但为了保持句子平和，也可以把谓语动词放到从句之前

定语从句只是对于被修饰词的补充说明 修饰
同位语从句则是讲述被修饰名词的内容

定于葱郁的引导词:
    指人: 主语 who; 宾语: who/whom; 定于: whose
    表达事物: that(也可以指人)/which
    时间状语: when; 地点状语: where; 原因状语: why
同为语从句: 名词作主语 宾语等，关系词用that而不是which
    时间 - when; 地点 - where
An idea came to her that she might do the experiment in another way.
I have no idea what has happened to him.
定语从句中没有what这个关系词，但它可以引导同位语从句

take sth. seriously: deal with sth. seriously
take sth. lightly

as: 随着

过去分词做定语

声称曾经做过某事: claim to have done sth.

I still remember the school where I studied English.

confirm: be sure, be certain

search = hunt

把某物留在后面: leave behind

英文的表达方式重点在于突出客观事实，而中文则善于御用动作的执行者

complain of/ about: 抱怨

on+名词: 强调动作正在进行
on the rise: 在上升
on the increase: 在增加
on the watch: 在观看
on the match: 在比赛中
on the fishing trip: 在钓鱼途中
on holiday: 在度假

full: completely, entirely

in the possession of=in sb.'s possession 归某人所有
in possession of 拥有某物
The beautiful car is in my possession/in the possession of me.
I am in possession of the beautiful car.
take possession of 拥有
The person in possession of the big house is excited.

It is disturbing to think that...

at large
take something seriously
cling to
leave behind
complain of
in the possession of/in possession of
feel obliged to investigate
a woman picking blackberries
a businessman on a fishing trip
go on for several weeks
in the quiet countryside